my estimate for the Europe trip was a
little off I suggest you get a job a
summer job happy graduation kiddo I
wrote for that Gordian knot it was a
literary journal no I've never actually
driven uninstall' mixer per se but um I
did once drive my friends van to
Wisconsin on a pretty lengthy road trip
what am I supposed to I'm not even
qualify for manual labor life after
college he's not exactly what James
expected I don't have much work
experience James doesn't that right
James yeah accepting this t-shirt you
are hired
now you get to deal with exciting career
opportunities you'll get better at
avoiding that on-the-job training you
get a 5-minute bathroom break every two
hours recommend saving a few of those
inspiring leadership right the race is
on you James
have you ever seen a horse race before
this is how I met amazed at how tiny my
paycheck is we are doing the work of
pathetic lazy morons party at my house
tonight my dad's out of town dumb
invited yep that's why I'm telling you
James every time you meet a beautiful
woman
don't you imagine what she'd look like
naked
coming yeah you go ahead I'll be dancing
this spring Dakota from the director of
super bad douche job ever might just
lead to the best time of his life
you get to refrigerate these Fridays at
Adventureland
I mean drinking drugs I think I got that
corns oh yeah don't ever eat the corn
dogs